At a high level, I essentially copied my original Brython code into Claude and asked it to teach me the basic game logic to remake this in JS. I then had it help fix the code and then improve the UI. I kinda used a brute force strategy and just swapped between models as credits ran out. I chose GitHub Copilot (because of convenience), and when that ran out, I moved to Claude, and when that ran out, I used ChatGPT. I think pre-113 I would have just gotten overwhelmed by the fact that things just weren't working with one model and given up, but knowing that to debug I need to change models sometimes, I used the fact that different models think differently, which really helped me debug. I also now know how to set up various servers, leveraging both Vercel and Render to make this project come to life. I feel like I also made a bunch of smaller one-line prompts instead of massive prompts, which helped slowly inch towards my final vision. If given more time, I will redesign the UI to have a more Greek vibe and train a model using reinforcement learning to learn the optimized strategies for Achilles Heel Chess. I'd probably start with StockFish and see where it goes from there, as there are no kings. I am kinda excited to see if there is ever a truly clear strategy for what piece to choose as your Achilles. If this game is essentially unwinable, as in most cases, you can't be forced to lose your queen, meaning that the game may be intrinsically flawed, or that the queen shouldn't be a possible option for Achilles?